[Music]
good morning it is 9:00 a.m. and I went
to so late last night because I was
finishing up a video but the video is
done we have a lot of work to do today
we are here because I filming a what I
eat in a week video show you guys some
recent recipes that I've been eating a
lot of that I've been enjoying
especially that it's the end of summer
we have some really good produce right
now so let's make some breakfast and
move on with the day and hopefully we'll
come up with some fun things to eat to
inspire you to enjoy the last few summer
weeks recently I've been kind of
uninspired with breakfast so my most
frequented meal in the last few weeks
has been a mix of scrambled eggs with
different ingredients so today we've got
a combination of chopped up chives and
some feta cheese I also fried up some
turkey bacon on the side and for the
eggs it's really easy to mix in anything
pretty much you put the scrambled eggs
in the pan and then I topped it up with
the chopped chives and then once the
eggs were almost done I added the feta
cheese and I turned off the heat and
just kind of mix it all in together so
the feta cheese melts a little bit and
incorporates into the eggs well then we
plated everything I toasted some bread
I've been really into the sedy toast
from Trader Joe's topped it up with some
cream cheese and tomatoes because this
is just the ultimate toast combination
in my opinion always salt your tomatoes
and that was pretty much breakfast
usually for breakfast you'll see in this
video I have a rotation of different
meals that I make and it's usually
something that has to do with scrambled
eggs and something on the side or I do a
yogurt bowl with some fruit and some my
favorite granola that I make myself or I
do a protein pancake so you'll probably
see some of those in the video coming up
and sometimes I'm left feeling a little
craving for something sweet and this
time I made another cream cheese toast
with that CD bread but topped it up with
some peaches and a little drizzle of
honey and it was so good and fresh and
really hit the spot for um a little
something sweet after
[Music]
breakfast but my video is live my
thumbnail turned out way better than I
expected somehow I always figure it out
but um I am going to head outside real
quick I need to get a few things from
Sephora because
I just kind of like ran out of skin care
so going to go to Sephora I also got to
pick up some packages on the way we're
going to either make lunch or get lunch
we still have so much to do and it is
what time is it like 1:00 p.m. anyways
but let's head out move along with the
date
[Music]
hello again it's time to make lunch and
I've been wanting to make this carrot
salad recipe it is a Raw carrot salad
that I've seen all over my Instagram and
everybody's reaction is to make me want
to try it so we're going to try it today
I got some carrots specifically for this
we're starting off with some chicken
thighs that I seasoned with my usual
Trader Joe's onion salt that I use on
most of my proteins a little extra salt
cuz I don't find it salty enough and
some black pepper and I cooked the
chicken thighs in a pan nothing crazy
nothing special but the star of the show
is this carrot salad so I started off by
first washing the carrots and then also
peeling the outer layer before I
actually started making ribbons out of
the carrots and I just use the same
peeler and I found that it really helps
putting it on some type of surface to
help you support the carrot I also
chopped up some green onion to go into
the salad later I did a combination of
different sauces I followed one of the
recipes I found online all the
ingredients and measurements and
everything will be listed Down Below in
a description for you guys but this came
together quite quickly I would say the
most timeconsuming part was ribboning
the carrots especially cuz I did quite a
lot of them and then you mix in
everything you add a good amount of
sesame seeds if you like I like a lot of
them and I always toss a salad with my
hands because I feel like it gets the
salad dressed the best way possible and
then we plated
everything but here we are first
taste no it is really good it's very
refreshing pretty easy to make a little
bit time time consuming in terms of like
slicing the
carrots it's actually really good hello
everyone I just am having a snack right
now this is a yellow kiwi I've never had
a yellow kiwi until yesterday for the
first time and you know I'm a person
that eats pretty much everything there
are very few things that I do not like
but keywe were one of those things that
I just was like I'm not really like I
don't really get it it's like not really
that good and it kind of like hurts my
mouth a little bit and uh I don't know
and then I went to Trader Joe's the
other day I saw these kiwis and now I
like Q's like what is that especially
the yellow one I don't know how
different the yellow one is I think this
is like sweeter than the green one yeah
the green one is like more sour more
sour but I'm a kiwi gal now all in one
bite
M it's so like refreshing so good like
to drinking water
[Music]
M so good
reporting live from the lower e side we
also I mean I look like my face is
wet because it is 90° at 8:00 p.m. I
don't know what's going on but we're on
the lower e side we are waiting it's
actually 86 oh it's oh excuse Mo it is
86 and we're waiting for some burritos
at this new place called sael North on
the Lower East Side I saw it on my
Instagram a few days ago and it looked
amazing but unfortunately they're sold
out of the carne aada so we got a
chicken one and a shrimp one so we shall
see but they look incredible they look
like the the tortilla looks crazy so
okay the burrito's here I'm trying to
not be like hella cringe right
now anyways cheers this is the shrimp
it's so
fresh has yet to try his it's got a nice
spice it's good as I was just explaining
earlier this breakfast we are having
protein pancakes but I decided to make
them more kind of like a Swedish pancake
where they're a little bit flapper and
bigger and thinner and we're going to
serve them with some cherry compost
Cherry sauce so I got the cherries in a
pan with a little bit of sugar and
they're just cooking and reducing and
getting nice and soft and then for the
protein pancakes I used the buttermilk
protein pancake mix from Trader Joe's
and I just added more liquid to make
them thinner and I also put together a
little yogurt maple syrup and lemon zest
mix it all together and layered each
pancake one on top of the other we did
pancake yogurt on top a little bit of
that cherry compost then another pancake
yogurt and so on this was made on a whim
I've never had this recipe before and it
was crazy
[Music]
Goode
M oh my
God I honestly didn't expect it to be
this good the biggest thing here is the
lemon zest and the
yogurt M I just got ready I finished
refiling what I needed to refilm from
yesterday I'm going to a coffee shop one
of my favorite coffee shops to work at
in Brooklyn and I'm meeting my friend
Carolina they have one of my favorite
lunch salads of all time I have to edit
what I filmed earlier and I also need to
get started on editing my friend
Brenda's wedding video that I filmed for
them but yeah let's head out as I
mentioned this is probably one of my
favorite salads and bowls for lunch and
unfortunately it is their summer grain
Bowl so it is limited edition and it's
probably going to get off the menu soon
so I decided that I'm going to recreate
it for you guys and for myself so that I
can make it again I sliced up a few
little Tomatoes I also had these garlic
black pepper almonds so I gave those a
rough chop as well since they have
almonds in their recipe I cooked up some
farro which is really easy it takes 10
minutes and added in some pesto and mix
it into the Faro which is pretty much
how I assume that they make theirs I
would probably wait to cool off the Faro
mine was still hot and then we plated
everything I took some crispy greens and
added this vinegret that I had made in
my fridge added the pesto Faro added
some of those tomatoes and then they
also have marinated watermelon in the
recipe I don't know what it's marinated
in so I just added plain old cubed
watermelon that I cut up a few days ago
topped the green salad with some feta I
made some random chicken that I seasoned
very simply and just tore it up into
little pieces added the almonds and
that's pretty much the recipe and let me
tell you it turned out pretty close to
the original and I will definitely be
repeating this
[Music]
recipe hi friends update it is now 8:00
p.m. you got to tell me when I'm going
to be on camera it's all about being
candid okay Yoni is going to the store
because we need a cheddar I am uh I've
been working all all day literally just
now I put my computer away excuse me
we've been working we've been working
but I am about to make what has been one
of our savior SL repeat meals because
it's so good it's so satisfying it's so
filling and nourishing and everything
and it's not even groundbreaking it is
steak taco bowls or burrito bowls or
whatever you want to call them but it's
basically steak with fajita vegetables
rice I'm going to make a Pico Deo
avocado cheddar sour cream just the
works everything in a big bowl and you
just go to town so that's exactly what I
needan right now and that's what we're
going to make this is nothing crazy a
pretty straightforward recipe that I
have been constantly making for Yoni and
I on evenings where we just want to eat
good and want a meal to come together
quickly so I am slicing up some some
bell peppers I usually like to have a
mix of colors but I only had orange also
sliced up some onion and then I actually
bought specifically some grass-fed beef
that was already sliced and sprinkled
some taco seasoning on top and I like to
do this before putting it in the pan I
tried both methods and I feel like this
one gets the beef better flavor and
better charring and then I cooked
everything in separate pans so it Cooks
a little bit faster and while those were
on the stove I started making my Pico
Deo which was just some roughly chopped
Red Onion also roughly chopped tomatoes
and some cilantro I Like My Salsa or
payo very chunky especially for this
recipe and don't forget very important
you have to use lime juice not lemon a
little bit of salt and olive oil then I
combined the beef and the vegetables
together so the vegetables also get that
flavor and plated my bowl I did a little
bit of white rice at the bottom put on
that steak and the vegetables added some
black beans straight out of the can some
cheddar cheese I add a lot of the Pico
Deo also added some avocado and some
sour cream it's so good and it's perfect
for meal prepping as well my little
bowl I load this baby up good been
eating these like on repeat it's been a
core meal for us
[Music]
M good morning another gloomy day today
calls for a cozy breakfast okay that is
Savory a palenta breakfast bowl I've
made palenta bowls many many times
before in these videos but this was a
new combination we are boiling two eggs
soft boil 7 minutes we also are frying
up some turkey bacon and we're making
the palenta I make the palenta a single
serving in the microwave because it's
just way easier a cup of water to 1/4
cup of palenta and you mix it in and you
cook it for about 5 minutes and then you
take it out and mix it then you put it
back in if it needs more time I like to
mix some cheddar cheese or some type of
cheese in my palenta and it kind of
makes it a little bit of a grits Vibe
then I basically play everything this
comes together so quickly especially
because the eggs and the turkey bacon
are cooking on their own and then you
make the penta everything comes together
so fast I chopped up the turkey bacon
into little bits so it's easier to eat
in the bowl I also added some feta and
some chopped chives always remember to
put salt and pepper on top of your
boiled eggs it's all the difference and
then on a whim I decided to add some of
this Trader Joe's hot honey sauce and it
was a game
Cher
guys this is one of the best ones I've
ever made it's so simple it's so good
and The Game Changer this Chada Joe's
spicy honey sauce wow I randomly decided
to put this on and I was a little bit
skeptical that it might not be good but
it is amazing I just got my bag all
packed up I'm going to go grab a coffee
real quick and go work from the
conference room downstairs I have to
edit the wedding video have to get that
done there's a lot of footage that I got
to go through but I'm just not
comfortable like doing it in our
apartment cuz like we don't have stools
yet and it's just not that comfortable
to like be on the couch the whole time
especially cuz we don't have a table
that works we're also going to have to
record the podcast at some point today
we were going to record it on a
Wednesday and today is Friday so we
didn't do that it's just we're trying to
pre-record uh 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Eight
Episodes before we leave for our trip
which is in basically a week and a half
[Music]
so for lunch we are making a nissis
salad or at least a version of it we're
starting off by quickly pick l in some
red onion sliced it added it to a jar
mated it with a good amount of salt
poured in a good amount of vinegar and
some hot water and the hot water is a
must instead of cold water because it
will help break down the onion and
pickle it faster then I got some
asparagus going in a pan to just Sizzle
it and cook it down a little bit and
then I made this red wine vinegret again
all the measurements and everything are
going to be listed in the description
for you to follow this vinegret is the
first time that I made it and it was so
good simple pretty basic stuff that I
think everyone has in their fridge
anyways and if you make a bigger amount
you can have it in the fridge and just
use it on different things throughout
the week and then I plated everything on
a bed of crispy lettuce topped it off
with the asparagus some boiled potatoes
the red onion and some flaky tuna this
tuna is specifically that comes in a jar
called tanino I think this is a must
because that tuna quality is incredible
and then drizzled on top some of that
red wine vinegret just made lunch I
tried to recreate the salad that I had
when we went to Seattle is a kind of
like a nissis salad I had a really good
one when we went to Seattle so I was
craving that little bite of
everything
m m that's actually really good good
morning and happy Saturday we are going
to make breakfast I have some leftover
rice I have some kimchi I have eggs we
are going to make some kimchi fried rice
I mean you know is it fried rice or do I
just call it fried rice that is to be
determined by other people that know how
to make proper fried rice but this what
I call it because it's like you want to
make it with leftover rice you fry it up
in a pan so you know that's just this
recipe is really simple straightforward
and I love it I can't believe I haven't
talked about this recipe before cuz I
used to make it all the time but you
take a good amount of kimchi however
much your heart desires and give it a
good chop I like mine pretty small and
then you just cook it in a pan with a
little bit of sesame oil for that extra
flavor and you let it basically sweat
out the water and get a little bit
crispy and get a little bit cooked and
then you add your leftover rice cook
that in mix it all in and then you're
going to add some scrambled eggs and
push everything to the side and let the
scrambled eggs scramble on their own
before you mix it in with the rest of
the before you mix it in with the rest
of the rice and I also drizzle in a
little bit of tamari or soy sauce
whatever you prefer you add it in a bowl
topped it up with a little bit of green
onion and I like to add a good heaping
amount of fresh kimchi on top this is a
great kimchi recipe to get in all of
your probiotics nice and early in the
morning I just got ready I am going to
to bike over to Manhattan and I think I
want to go to laaba I've been meaning to
have some time to continue reading my
book that I started last week and I just
like haven't had the time so I'm going
to bike over and I just really want to
find a good spot to read for a little
[Music]
bit how are you
today I got a coffee I got an iced
cappuccino with regular milk
and I made my way to Union Square Market
because the farmers market is happening
today and um I actually want to get a
few things for lunch from when we go
back home but for now got two things one
I've had before and it was surprisingly
so good like I got it on a whim because
I needed to spend $5 to pay with card in
one place and I got this almond
partom little cake and I also got this
little plum
tart that's like such a delicate
flavor that's so
good that is so good I'm going to try to
like recreate
this wow that's really good
so yon is on his way to meet me here and
then we'll go home together um but I
wanted to grab some bread some cheese
and some tomatoes for lunch because I'm
really craving something specific and
we're at the farmers market we got to
get the good
[Music]
tomatoes we definitely have like
tomatoes from two different vendors I
got some very beautifully aged cheddar I
love a good sharp aged cheddar this is
really good kind of creamy not too hard
so it's going to be perfect then I got
some
sourdough look at this beauty we're
going to be making my
favorite Fried Tomato cheddar toast this
is one of my favorite things to make in
the summer and it's so easy and I can't
believe I haven't made it yet cuz I've
just been so busy it was another one of
those things on my list but all you have
to do is get some good crispy fresh
bread it has to be you drizzle some
olive oil in a pan and you toast the
bread on both sides until it gets nice
and toasty and brown then you rub a
garlic clove all over the bread to give
it that garlicky taste I like a lot on
mine but do what works for you and then
we crumbled that cheddar put it on top
we sliced those beautiful tomatoes I
like a thick slice the thicker the
better in my opinion added a little bit
of salt a little bit of pepper and
decided to also add some chopped chives
since they were just in my fridge me you
have seen prettier toasts because I
would not believe
you
m it's just
perfect we just got ready to go have
dinner and we were going to cook at home
I was going to make a whole recipe a
whole but then this
happened and we're going to go celebrate
I reached 500,000 subscribers today um I
don't want to be that person that's like
oh my God thank you so much but also
like if you're watching this whenever
you're watching it I appreciate you if
you subscribed if you've watched even
one video even clicked on one video
didn't even watch it I still appreciate
you um
um and I mean this is crazy cuz y was
just telling me that he somewhere has a
screenshot of my profile when I only had
100 subscribers my first video on
YouTube was on September 18th 2020 so
September of this year coming up I will
literally have done this for 4 years
which is crazy so I'm just really
appreciative and uh we're going to go
get some food to eat a little bite and
then drink some wine and yeah just have
a little moment of gratitude and how do
we feel about how do we feel about these
summer sandals these ones with socks for
for like fall I don't know about it but
it's dark so nobody can see it anyways
the only thing I want to say is that I'm
super proud of you and I will find that
picture and I think it's in my phone
where you have like 100 subscribers I
remember we were watching it oh we were
watching it go from 99 to 100 yes it's
crazy I'm going to have to find that
yeah
well well here we are guys here we are
[Music]
guys he
for breakfast this morning I was feeling
a little bit lazy and I just wanted
something simple so I had some cherries
going in a pan with a little bit of
maple syrup to make that same sauce and
then scooped some yogurt into a bowl
added the stewed up warmed up cherries
on top some days are just simple like
this and I don't make anything too
complicated or fancy or complex
especially because I wanted to get out
of the house and go grab a little treat
[Music]
this is my Sunday ritual I just got to
Domino Park here in Williamsburg after
going to Greenpoint to stop at Radio
Bakery and I got a ham and butter
baguette it's actually kind of hot right
now but it also feels like it's about to
rain and I'm pretty sure it's going to
rain so I'm not going to be here for too
long but this
view do you see it
that's I love this park so much it's
like right by the water and it's so nice
and quiet I'm just going to eat my
sandwich and um read my book for a
little bit if I can find a spot
[Music]
and finally for dinner we are making
some Japanese sweet potatoes just
puncture the skin with a fork wrap it up
in a tin foil and then you put it at
450° for about an hour so I got started
on those early and then when they were
ready I started making some steak for
Yoni and I that's not all for me I
seasoned it with some random seasonings
cooked it about you know medium medium
rare and I started making a little green
salad with that same dressing that I had
in my fridge I love a crispy green salad
makes for the perfect side especially
when you have stronger in flavor items
like steak and sweet potatoes and I also
decided to make a little Bara and tomato
plate and then we plated everything I
like to mash up my sweet potato a little
bit and then add some butter on top and
it melts into the potato more and always
add salt and pepper to the sweet potato
because it's so sweet it needs that
balance but then I decided to go crazy
and add that hot honey from Trader Joe's
right on top and that's pretty much it
for this video this meal was a 10 out of
10 always hits the spot let me know if
you guys try any of the recipes um
excuse my reactions I'm always so extra
but I just love food so much I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and end up
making some of these recipes
and I'll see you guys next week